Use Case - Register for Courses
Brief Description
This use case allows a Student to register for course offerings in the current semester. The Student can also modify or delete course selections if changes are made within the add/drop period at the beginning of the semester. The Course Catalog System provides a list of all the course offerings for the current semester.
System: System.
Primary and Secondary Actors
Primary Actors: Student.
Main Flow – Create a Schedule
Student starts Use Case.
Student selects "create schedule" on "Main Form".
System retrieves the list of "Courses" from the "Course Catalog System".
Student selects: name, description, content of "Courses" from the "Course Catalog System".
Student selects "submit schedule" on "Main Form".
System saves the schedule of "Student".
Student finishes Use Case.
Alternative Flows
Alternative Flow 01 – Modify a Schedule
Student selects "modify schedule" on "Main Form".
System retrieves the schedule of "Student".
System displays the schedule of "Student". 
System retrieves the list of "Courses" from the "Course Catalog System".
System displays the list to the "Student".
Student selects: name from the list of "Courses".
Student selects "add course" on "Main Form".
Student selects: name from the list of "Courses".
Student selects "delete course" on "Main Form".
Student selects "submit schedule" on "Main Form".
System saves the schedule of "Student".
Alternative Flow 02 – Delete a Schedule
Student selects "delete schedule" on "Main Form".
System retrieves the schedule of "Student".
System displays the schedule of "Student".
Student selects "delete schedule" on "Main Form".
System displays the message "The schedule will be deleted".
Student selects "confirm deletion" on "Main Form".
System deletes the schedule of "Student".
Alternative Flow 03 – Save a Schedule
Student selects "save schedule" on "Main Form".
System saves the schedule of the "Student".
Alternative Flow 04 – Add Course Offering
System verifies the prerequisites of "Student".
System adds: name from the list of "Courses".
System displays the message "Enrollment Confirmed".
Alternative Flow 05 – Unfulfilled Prerequisites
System displays the message "The Student has not satisfied the necessary prerequisites".
Alternative Flow 06 – Course Full
System displays the message "The selected course offering is full".
Alternative Flow 07 – No Schedule Found
System displays the message "No schedule was found".
Alternative Flow 08 – Course Catalog System Unavailable
System displays the message "Course Catalog System Unavailable".
Alternative Flow 09 - Course Registration Closed
Student selects "maintain schedule" on "Main Form".
System displays the message "The registration for the current semester has been closed".
Key Scenarios
Key Scenario 01 - Create a Schedule
Key Scenario 02 - Modify a Schedule
Key Scenario 03 - Delete a Schedule
Pre Conditions
Before this use case begins the Student has logged onto the system.
Post Conditions
There are no post conditions associated with this use case.
Special Requirements
There are no special requirements associated with this use case.
Extension Points
There are no extension points associated with this use case.