Use Case - Student Enrollment
Brief Description
This use case describes how students perform their enrollment.
System: System.
Primary and Secondary Actors
Primary Actors: Student.
Secondary Actors: Academic Secretary.
Main Flow – Make Enrollment
Student starts Use Case.
Student enters: enrollment number of "Student".
System validates the information of "Student".
System retrieves attributes of "Student": name, nationality, social security number, zip code, sex.
Student selects "Make enrollment" on "Main Form".
Student searches the information of "Discipline": course, period, shift, group.
System displays the information of "Discipline" on "Main Form".
System enables "Confirm enrollment" on "Main Form".
System requests "Confirmation" of "Enrollment".
Student selects "Confirm enrollment" on "Main Form".
System validates the information of "Enrollment".
System displays the message "Enrollment Confirmed".
System generates the request of "Enrollment".
System sends the information of "Enrollment": date, id number by "e-mail".
System sends the request to "Academic Secretary".
Student finishes Use Case.
Alternative Flows
Alternative Flow 01 – Validate Enrollment Number
System displays the message "The enrollment number does not exist".
Alternative Flow 02 – Check Enrollment Effected
System displays the message "You are already enrolled".
Alternative Flow 03 – Check Dependencies from Previous Semesters
System shows the dependencies of "Student" on "Main Form".
System enables "Enroll in Dependency" on "Main Form".
System enables "Confirm enrollment" on "Main Form".
System requests "Confirmation" of "Enrollment".
Student selects "Confirm enrollment" on "Main Form".
System validates the information of "Enrollment".
System displays the message "Enrollment of Dependency Confirmed".
Key Scenarios
Key Scenario 01 - Make Enrollment
Key Scenario 02 - Check Dependencies from Previous Semesters
Pre Conditions
There is an active network connection to the student enrollment database.
Post Conditions
There are no post conditions associated with this use case.
Special Requirements
There are no special requirements associated with this use case.
Extension Points
There are no extension points associated with this use case.